Introduction
------------

In this project I am going to develop a new, experimental datastore
API for the Google App Engine Python runtime. I am doing this as a
Google employee but using an open source development style as I
believe this project will benefit from early user feedback.

Eventually, when the project is sufficiently mature, the code will
(hopefully) become a standard component of the App Engine Python SDK
and the Python runtime. Until then, however, the way to use this code
is to check it out from the repository and copy it into your
application.

Until the code is integrated into the SDK and runtime, I am not going
to worry about backwards compatibility between versions of this
experimental code. You are not required to check out the trunk,
however I do not plan to fix bugs in older branches.

--Guido van Rossum <guido@google.com>


Overview
--------

Right now there is only the 'core' directory.  This contains two
modules, datastore_rpc and datastore_query, which will likely be
released (moved into the google/appengine/datastore directory) as part
of the 1.4.0 App Engine release.  These modules support asynchronous
access to the datastore API.  However these are not the code I am
talking about above; that code has yet to be written, and will be in a
separate subdirectory, tentatively named 'ndb'.

How To
------

You need to separately download and install the App Engine Python SDK,
version 1.3.8 or later.  NOTE: previous versions don't work!!!!!!!!!
(If you don't know where to find that you are not ready to play with
this code. :-) Assuming the SDK lives at /usr/local/google_appengine,
you need to add that directory to your $PYTHONPATH environment
variable.  You should then be able to run something like this:

  >>> from core import datastore_query

If this works your setup is correct.

To run the tests, use

  make test

To run the tests with coverage, use

  make coverage

To run the demo app on localhost:8080, use

  make serve

See the Makefile for more details.  Sorry, Windows users.
